README.md, before:

# My ZSH Configurations

## Quick Start

```sh
# get to the home folder
$ cd
# pull the git repos
$ git clone git@github.com:htr3n/zsh-config.git .zsh-config
# then link the startup files
$ sh ~/.zsh-config/bootstrap
```

Log out and login again!!!

In case you want to have private setting excluded from public Git repos, just create a file `.private.sh` in the home folder.

## Plugin Management

Instead of manually installing some ZSH plugins, I use [antibody](https://getantibody.github.io) to manage necessary plugins (some are not working with _antibody_ such as 'fzf', so manual task it is).

Some useful plugins:

* [zsh-autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions)
* [zsh-completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions)
* [zsh-history-substring-search](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search)
* [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting)

## Credits

I developed most of the configuration on my own but nevertheless learned a lot from [Oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) and [Prezto](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto) and many other sources for various settings.

## License

<3 MIT License.

Commit message:

Refactored zsh-config for my preferred usage
- added Linux support
- removed OSX support
- removed autoloaded scripts (may be re-added, but ~/.bin scripts work fine)
- customized prompt
- reorganized directory

README.md, after:

# Lighweight ZSH Configuration

## Install

```sh
# pull the git repo to correct location
git clone https://github.com/SamuelTames/zsh-config.git ~/.zsh-config

# setup fzf (debian buster has fzf in the repo)
sudo apt install fzf
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/fzf/master/shell/completion.zsh "~/zsh-config/completion.zsh"
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/fzf/master/shell/key-bindings.zsh "~/zsh-config/key-bindings.zsh"

# Install antibody (if you're comfortable with piping scripts to your shell.)
# Alternatively, your distro may have it packaged. It's also available as a snap.
# https://getantibody.github.io/install/
curl -sL git.io/antibody | sh -s

# link the zsh config files to their expected location in ${HOME}
sh ~/.zsh-config/install
```
Log out and login again.

## Dependencies

* zsh - it includes a RPROMPT
* fzf - used for _fuzzy finding_
* Antibody - used for plugin management

## Credits

Forked from work done here: https://htr3n.github.io/2018/07/faster-zsh/

## License

MIT License.
